In this lecture, we take a look at how to install test energy into Eclipse.
It is very easy to install testing into our project in Eclipse.
We simply need to go to the test energy download site.
Review the install via plug in option.
Go to eclipse clips and use the install new software feature.
Select the version of testing we want to use and then we simply complete installation.
So let me show you how to do this.
So I am going to open up Chrome.
In a search engine.
I'm going to type test NJ eclipse download like so.
And the first result should be to test energy the org doc download and if I click this link.
I am then presented with the following page and I'm interested in the Eclipse plugin.
So in this section you'll see there's an install from update site option and it gives you some instructions
on what to do in Eclipse and it also provides you with a URL.
If I click that URL, you should be presented with the following page, which is the different versions
that are available.
So I am going to copy this address using control C on my keyboard and I'm going to go to Eclipse.
And in eclipse I am going to select help install new software.
And then I'm going to click the add button and here I'm going to type test in G and I'm going to paste
that you are in the location and then I'm going to click Add.
You'll see that.
Then I've got an option for testing.
So what I'm going to do here is take this and then click next.
And then that should start the installation of testing for me.
So I am going to pause this video now until that completes.
So this has now completed.
And you can see I've got an option to click next.
Well, I need to accept the license agreement.
And then I can click Finish.
And you can see in the bottom right hand corner is saying installing software.
And if you're presented with this following warning, just click install anyway.
It wouldn't ask you to restart.
Eclipse suddenly restart now.
So now we have test engines stored in eclipse.
So what I'm going to do is I am going to create a new package and prove to you test engines installed.
So remember in section ten of this course, I provided the framework overview.
So we're now in Section 11, which is the test engine section.
I'm going to right click the source folder, click new and then click package and I'm going to call
this section.
11.
Like so.
And then click finish.
So we are in the second lecture of the test then.
So the test thingy introduction was lecture one and this is the installation of testing.
So this is lecture two.
So I am going to right click that new package, select new and class, and I'm going to give it a name
of l02 for lecture two and I'm going to call it test and G install.
And then I'm just going to click finish so I'm not going to take public static with my.
This class wouldn't open.
And so what I'm going to do here is use test n g.
So I am going to run a simple method which is public void.
Hello World.
Open and close embraces and I'm simply going to use system dots out the print and when and in brackets
I'm going to write.
Hello.
Well.
It was semi-colon at the end.
So I'm now going to use Test N G and I'm going to use the at test annotation and I've place this just
before the method name and you can see that there's an error on the test.
And if I hover over it, you'll see that I'm given an option to import but only for all g unit.
But if we look closer down, we can see we've got an option to add test in G library.
So I am going to click that.
And you see testing now appears here.
Now, if I hover over test again, you'll see that I'm given an option to import from all test in g
annotations.
So if I select that.
That error now goes away.
So it's very important that you select the import for testing.
So now I am going to save this class.
And if I try running it, let's see what options I have.
So if I go to run, as you'll see, I've got the test energy test option.
So this is different from the usual job application that we usually see.
And if I run this.
You'll see an additional tab.
And it's provided an output saying that the total test run is one.
And the number of passes is one and the zero failures and zero skips.
And if I go up you'll see the hello world has been printed to console and it's saying that the test
of Hello World, which is the name of this method, has passed.
So if I try copying copy in this code.
And paste it again below.
And then changed method name to Hallowell to add in inside this.
If I try running this again as a test.
N g test.
Look what's been printed.
So the total number of tests run is two and both of them have passed.
And if I go up, you'll see.
Hello world and hello, hello world again.
And that's because both methods of printing hello world.
But if we look at the past section is saying hello world, which is the name of this method has passed
and Hallowell too, which is the method name.
This one has also passed.
So we'll go through this a much more detail as we progress for the test n g lectures.
The objective of this lecture was to install test energy into Eclipse and then to prove the installation
was successful.
Thank you for watching.